com/example/minhopark/DataBase/ParqueDAO.java
 com.example.minhopark.DataBase.ParqueDAO
com/example/minhopark/DataBase/HorarioDAO.java
 com.example.minhopark.DataBase.HorarioDAO
com/example/MinhoPark/databinding/ActivityPreferencesActivityBinding.java
 com.example.MinhoPark.databinding.ActivityPreferencesActivityBinding
com/example/MinhoPark/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.MinhoPark.BuildConfig
com/example/minhopark/DataBase/ConnectDB.java
 com.example.minhopark.DataBase.ConnectDB
com/example/MinhoPark/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.MinhoPark.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/minhopark/model/SSParques/Parque.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSParques.Parque
com/example/MinhoPark/databinding/ActivityFavouritesBinding.java
 com.example.MinhoPark.databinding.ActivityFavouritesBinding
com/example/minhopark/View/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.minhopark.View.MapsActivity
com/example/minhopark/model/SSParques/EstadoOperacional.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSParques.EstadoOperacional
com/example/MinhoPark/databinding/ActivityMaps2Binding.java
 com.example.MinhoPark.databinding.ActivityMaps2Binding
com/example/minhopark/model/SSParques/Horario.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSParques.Horario
com/example/minhopark/DataBase/CategoriaDAO.java
 com.example.minhopark.DataBase.CategoriaDAO
com/example/minhopark/View/FavouritesActivity.java
 com.example.minhopark.View.FavouritesActivity
 com.example.minhopark.View.FavouritesActivity$1
com/example/minhopark/model/SSParques/Categoria.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSParques.Categoria
com/example/minhopark/View/MainActivity.java
 com.example.minhopark.View.MainActivity
 com.example.minhopark.View.MainActivity$1
 com.example.minhopark.View.MainActivity$2
com/example/minhopark/model/SSParques/SSParquesFacade.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSParques.SSParquesFacade
com/example/minhopark/model/SSParques/IParques.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSParques.IParques
com/example/minhopark/model/SSUtilizadores/IUtilizadores.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSUtilizadores.IUtilizadores
com/example/minhopark/model/SSUtilizadores/Utilizador.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSUtilizadores.Utilizador
com/example/minhopark/View/PreferencesActivity.java
 com.example.minhopark.View.PreferencesActivity
 com.example.minhopark.View.PreferencesActivity$1
com/example/minhopark/model/SSUtilizadores/SSUtilizadorFacade.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSUtilizadores.SSUtilizadorFacade
com/example/minhopark/model/SSUtilizadores/Preferencia.java
 com.example.minhopark.model.SSUtilizadores.Preferencia
